LTA | Resumption of COE Bidding Exercises from 6 July A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Resumption of COE Bidding Exercises from 6 July Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Resumption of COE Bidding Exercises from 6 July News Releases 18 Jun 2020 COE bidding COE quota from suspension of bidding will be gradually returned to the market With the re-opening of motor vehicle dealerships and showrooms from 19 June, motor dealers will resume operations, including test drives by prospective vehicle buyers. Certificate of Entitlement (COE) bidding exercises will resume, starting with the first bidding exercise on Monday, 6 July. This provides a two-week period for motor dealers and vehicle buyers to plan and confirm vehicle purchases before the COE bidding exercises resume. Thereafter, COE bidding exercises will resume according to the schedule prior to the Circuit Breaker, opening on the first and third Mondays of each month. Return of COE Quota from Suspension of Bidding 2 The accumulated COE quota of 19,490 from the suspended bidding exercises from April to June will be returned to the market over the next 12 months from July 2020 to June 2021. 3 In reviewing how to return the accumulated COE quota to the market, LTA has considered the need to ensure sufficient supply of COEs to meet the orders that have built up during the period of COE bidding suspension, as well as the need to smoothen the supply of COEs to ensure long-term market stability. To balance these needs, one-third of the accumulated quota will be returned over the first three months from July to September 2020. The remaining two-thirds of the accumulated quota will be returned over the subsequent nine months from October 2020 to June 2021. 4 This will result in an additional quota of: a. 6,494 COEs across all categories for the period from July to September 2020; and b. 12,996 COEs across all categories for the period from October 2020 to June 2021. COE Quota for July 2020 5 Taking into account the additional quota returned from the suspended bidding exercises, the COE quota for the bidding exercises in July 2020 will be 8,737 . Please refer to Annex A for more details. 6 The next COE quota announcement for the bidding period from August to October 2020 will be made in July 2020. Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 18 June 2020 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
