LTA | Certificate of Entitlement Quota for May 2021 to July 2021 A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement Quota for May 2021 to July 2021 Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement Quota for May 2021 to July 2021 News Releases 15 Apr 2021 COE quota 1. The Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota for May 2021 to July 2021 will be 16,010. Details are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on the first Monday in May 2021. 2. The COE quota consists of the following components: a. Replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the three-month period of January 2021 to March 2021; b. Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as at 31 December 2020; c. Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, replacement of commercial vehicles under the Early Turnover Scheme, and expired COEs; and d. Return of COEs accumulated from the bidding exercises that were suspended in April, May and June 2020. One-third of the COEs had been returned for bidding from July 2020 to September 2020, and it was earlier announced that the remaining two-thirds will be returned from October 2020 to June 2021. To more evenly distribute the remaining 2,890 COEs, accumulated when COE bidding was suspended last year for the first time due to COVID-19, LTA will redistribute these quotas over May, June and July 2021, instead of May and June 2021. All accumulated COEs will be returned by July 2021. 3. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of August 2021 to October 2021 will be made in July 2021. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for May 2021 to July 2021 Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 15 April 2021 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
