LTA | Certificate of Entitlement Quota for November 2021 to January 2022, and Vehicle Growth Rate to Maintain until 31 January 2025 A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement Quota for November 2021 to January 2022, and Vehicle Growth Rate to Maintain until 31 January 2025 Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement Quota for November 2021 to January 2022, and Vehicle Growth Rate to Maintain until 31 January 2025 News Releases 15 Oct 2021 COE quota vehicle growth rate 1 . The Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota for November 2021 to January 2022 will be 10,590. Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on the first Monday in November 2021. 2. The COE quota consists of the following components: a. Replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the three-month period of July 2021 to September 2021 ; b. Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as at 31 December 2020; and c. Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, replacement of commercial vehicles under the Early Turnover Scheme, and expired COEs. 3. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of February 2022 to April 2022 will be made in January 2022. Vehicle Growth Rate to maintain until 31 January 2025 4. Given Singapore’s land constraints and competing land-use needs, the Vehicle Growth Rate (VGR) ensures that our vehicle population growth is tempered especially as the number of vehicles on our roads draws near to one million. 5. P ublic transport and other forms of green commuting, such as shared transport and active mobility modes, are the more sustainable modes of transport. Over the years, LTA has continued to improve the reliability and connectivity of our public transport infrastructure to build a more sustainable and liveable environment for Singaporeans. Projects such as Thomson-East Coast Line Stages 3, 4 and 5 as well as Circle Line Stage 6 will be operational over the next five years, while Jurong Region Line will be completed in stages from 2027 to 2029. From the 2030s, the Cross Island Line will also open progressively. With these enhancements, our MRT network will grow from about 245km today to 360km over the next two decades. By 2030, the 460km of cycling paths we have today will be expanded to 1,300km to improve active mobility connectivity within and across towns. 6. In view of Singapore’s land scarcity and our commitment to continually improve our public transport system, we will maintain the existing VGR of 0% per annum for COE Categories A, B and D, and 0.25% per annum for Category C until 31 January 2025. We are mindful of the impact of COVID-19 on businesses, and the reliance of businesses, particular SMEs on goods vehicles and buses, which are not easily substitutable without significant changes in operations. As such, we will maintain the current 0.25% p.a. VGR for Category C for now, to allow businesses more time to improve the efficiency of their logistics operations and reduce the number of goods vehicles and buses required. 7. The extension of the VGR is not expected to significantly affect the supply of COEs, as the COE quota is determined largely by the number of vehicle deregistrations. The VGR will be next reviewed in 2024. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for November 2021 to January 2022 Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 15 October 2021 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
