LTA | Certificate of Entitlement Quota for August 2022 to October 2022 A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement Quota for August 2022 to October 2022 Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement Quota for August 2022 to October 2022 News Releases 22 Jul 2022 COE quota Adjustments to COE System to Smoothen Quarterly Availability 1. From August 2022, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) will adjust the method for computing Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota available for bidding, to reduce the quarter-on-quarter volatility of COE supply while being responsive in returning the COEs of deregistered vehicles to the bidding pool. 2. Currently, the number of COEs available for bidding in each quarter, is primarily based on the number of vehicles deregistered (“deregistrations”) in the previous quarter, with one month lag time for processing and computation. With effect from 1 August 2022, the number of COEs available for bidding in each quarter will be based on a rolling average of deregistrations over the last two quarters. The start of each new COE quota bidding period will continue to be one month after the close of each calendar quarter. 3. To illustrate, the number of COEs for the upcoming quarter (August to October 2022) will be half the number of vehicles deregistered from January 2022 to June 2022. The number of COEs for the quarter thereafter (November 2022 to January 2023) will be half the number of vehicles deregistered from April 2022 to September 2022. 4. LTA will continue to release key information on vehicle registration, de-registration and population changes on its website at https://www.lta.gov.sg/content/ltagov/en/who_we_are/statistics_and_publications/statistics.html . COE Quota for August to October 2022 5. Under the adjusted method, the COE quota for August 2022 to October 2022 will be 10,581. This translates to a monthly quota of 3,526 COEs for all categories combined. Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on 1 August 2022. 6. The COE quota consists of the following components: a. 50% of the replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the six-month period of January 2022 to June 2022; b. Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as at 31 December 2021; and c. Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, replacement of commercial vehicles under the Early Turnover Scheme, and expired COEs. 7. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of November 2022 to January 2023 will be made in October 2022. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for August 2022 to October 2022 Annex B: Worked Example of Adjusted COE Quota Allocation Method Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 22 July 2022 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
