LTA | Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for May 2023 to July 2023 and New Category D COEs Measures A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for May 2023 to July 2023 and New Category D COEs Measures Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for May 2023 to July 2023 and New Category D COEs Measures News Releases 21 Apr 2023 COE quota COE Quota for May 2023 to July 2023 1. The Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota for May 2023 to July 2023 will be 9,575 . Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on 2 May 2023. 2. The COE quota consists of the following components: a. 25% of the replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the twelve-month period from April 2022 to March 2023; b. Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as at 31 December 2022; and c. Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, expired COEs, and alignment of the treatment of de-registered COEs and registrations under the Early Turnover Scheme [ 1] for commercial vehicles. 3. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of August 2023 to October 2023 will be made in July 2023. New Category D COE Measures 4. From January to March 2023, 457 Category D Temporary COEs (TCOEs) expired without being used for registration of motorcycles and were forfeited. These will be returned for bidding in the upcoming bidding exercises from May to July 2023. 5. To improve allocative efficiency, we will be making the following changes from the first COE bidding exercise in May 2023 (taking place from 2 to 4 May 2023) and apply to TCOEs obtained from this exercise onwards: a. bid deposit will be adjusted from $800 to $1,500; b. TCOE validity period will be adjusted from 3 months to 1 month, with expired COEs being returned for bidding earlier than the current practice of the next quarter. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for May 2023 to July 2023 [1] Both will now be based on the rolling average of the number of vehicles registered over the previous four quarters Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 21 April 2023 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
