LTA | Additional Adjustments to COE Category A A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Additional Adjustments to COE Category A Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Additional Adjustments to COE Category A News Releases 29 Sep 2023 COE quota Increased reallocation of 300 Certificates of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for October 2023 1. The Land Transport Authority had previously reallocated an additional 700 Category A COEs to the COE supply for August 2023 to October 2023, by bringing forward the distribution of COEs from the future expiry of 5-year non-extendable COEs. 2. To meet anticipated demand from car buyers following the September 2023 announcement of changes to the Vehicular Emissions Scheme (VES) rebates from 1 January 2024, LTA will be reallocating an additional 300 Category A COEs across the two COE bidding exercises in October (i.e. 150 per exercise), drawing upon the same pool of COEs from guaranteed deregistration of cars with 5-year non-extendable COEs. 3. With this, there will be an additional 24% increase in the Category A quota available for the two exercises in October 2023. There is no change to the quota for other Categories. Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . 4. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of November 2023 to January 2024 will be in October 2023. Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 29 September 2023 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
