LTA | Certificate of Entitlement (COE) Quota for November 2023 to January 2024 A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement (COE) Quota for November 2023 to January 2024 Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement (COE) Quota for November 2023 to January 2024 News Releases 13 Oct 2023 COE quota Quota for Categories A and C Sees Largest Increase 1. The Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota for November 2023 to January 2024 will be 12,774 . Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on 6 November 2023. 2. The COE quota consists of the following components: a. 25% of the replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the twelve-month period from October 2022 to September 2023; b. Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as of 31 December 2022; and c. Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, expired COEs, Early Turnover Scheme for commercial vehicles and redistribution from guaranteed deregistrations for Category A and Category B. 3. Overall, the COE quota for November 2023 – January 2024 is 13% higher than the last quarter (August 2023 – October 2023). The quota for Category A (mainly used for mass market cars) is 22% higher than the previous quarter and 81% higher than the same quarter last year. This is facilitated by bringing forward 1,570 guaranteed de-registrations of vehicles on 5-year renewal. The quota for Category C (for goods vehicles and buses) is 35% higher than the previous quarter and 124% higher than the same quarter last year. 4. COE quota for Categories A, B and C are expected to continue to increase in 2024, whilst Category D quota in 2024 is expected to be comparable to 2023. 5. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of February 2024 to April 2024 will be made in January 2024. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for November 2023 to January 2024 Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 13 October 2023 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
