LTA | Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for February 2024 to April 2024 A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for February 2024 to April 2024 Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for February 2024 to April 2024 News Releases 29 Jan 2024 COE quota Increase in Quota for Categories A, B and C The Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota for February 2024 to April 2024 will be 14,707 . From this quarter onwards, the Land Transport Authority will bring forward the guaranteed deregistrations of 5-year non-extendable Category D COEs to reduce quota supply volatility. Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on 5 February 2024. 2. The COE quota consists of the following components: a) 25% of the replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the twelve-month period from January 2023 to December 2023; b) Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as at 31 December 2023; and c) Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, expired COEs, Early Turnover Scheme for commercial vehicles and redistribution from guaranteed deregistrations for Category A, Category B and Category D. 3. Overall, the COE quota for February 2024 to April 2024 is 2% higher than last quarter (November 2023 to January 2024). Compared to the previous quarter, the quota in February 2024 to April 2024 for Category A (mainly used for mass market cars) is 2% higher, Category B is 3% higher, and Category C (for goods vehicles and buses) is 4% higher. The COE quota for Categories A, B and C will continue to increase in 2024 before reaching the peak supply period from 2026, whilst Category D quota in 2024 is expected to remain comparable to 2023. 4. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of May 2024 to July 2024 will be made in April 2024. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for February 2024 to April 2024 Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 29 January 2024 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
