LTA | Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for February 2025 to April 2025 A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Search Within this Website Within LTA Websites Within All Government Websites Home News Room Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for February 2025 to April 2025 Print Copy Link Email WhatsApp Telegram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Certificate of Entitlement (COEs) Quota for February 2025 to April 2025 News Releases 16 Jan 2025 COE quota Higher Quota for Categories A, B and C The Certificate of Entitlement (COE) quota for February 2025 to April 2025 will be 17,133 . Details of the quota for each COE category are in Annex A . Bidding under this quota will start on 3 February 2025. 2. As announced previously , given the vehicle usage trends and improved capabilities of ERP2.0, LTA will progressively inject up to about 20,000 additional COE across the vehicle categories from February 2025, over the next few years. The February 2025 to April 2025 COE quota consists of the following components: a. 25% of the replacement COEs from vehicles deregistered in the twelve-month period from January 2024 to December 2024; b. Provision for 0.25% per annum growth for Category C based on the Category C vehicle population as at 31 December 2024; and c. Adjustments for changes in the taxi population, expired COEs, Early Turnover Scheme for commercial vehicles, redistribution from guaranteed deregistrations for Category A, Category B and Category D and injection of additional COEs. 3. Overall, the COE quota for February 2025 to April 2025 is 8% higher than last quarter (November 2024 to January 2025), and 16% higher than the same quarter last year (February 2024 to April 2024). Compared to the last quarter, the COE quota for Categories A, B, C and E increased by about 10% whilst Category D quota remained unchanged. 4. The next quota announcement for the bidding period of May 2025 to July 2025 will be made in April 2025. Annex A: Monthly COE Quota for February 2025 to April 2025 Land Transport Authority Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Who We Are Our Organisation Our Work Careers Statistics & Publications Learn With Us Upcoming Projects Rail Expansion Rail Testing & System Renewal Road & Commuter Facilities Technologies & Innovation Getting Around Public Transport Active Mobility Point-to-Point Transport and Cross-Border Services Driving in Singapore Industry & Innovations Technologies Industry Transformation Map Development Funds Industry Matters Land Transport Innovation Portal Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring Digital Services DataMall MyTransport.SG (iOS | Android) OneMotoring News Room Tour Our Site REACH Contact Us Feedback Facebook Instagram tiktok Twitter Telegram Whatsapp Youtube LinkedIn News Room Tour Our Site REACH Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Rate This Website --> Sitemap Site Requirements &copy; 2026 Government of Singapore Last updated 16 January 2025 --> Welcome to LTA.GOV.SG This quick tour will bring you through the key enhancements. Use the links at the top navigation bar to help you find what you are looking for Jump straight into the popular pages that are most relevant to you Taking a bus, train, or cycling to your destination? Plan your routes and check the fares using these tools! Our latest featured projects are just a click away! Start exploring LTA.GOV.SG now! Explore Now!
